Let's build a Python dashboard together. Dashboards are a great way to enhance your
data analysis skills, so let's walk through some of the most common and useful Python packages.
First up is scikit-learn. I'm leveraging a popular dataset from scikit-learn to power
this dashboard. Scikit-learn has a bunch of these different datasets. This package is also really
great for machine learning and has some really good pre-built algorithms. If you want to start
practicing your machine learning, scikit-learn is a great package to start with. Next, I'm using
the pandas package to manipulate the data. Pandas is one of the most common packages for working
with data. df.describe gives me this table and a breakdown of the dataset. For the data
visualizations, I'm using both matplotlib and seaborn. matplotlib is a great package for more
standard plots like scatterplot and boxplots like I'm using here, and seaborn is the next step up
in terms of complexity. Lastly, I'm using Shiny for Python as the overall framework for this
dashboard. Shiny makes it so easy to create these stunning beautiful dashboards. And here is our
finished dashboard. You can check out more examples using shiny in the shiny gallery.
Make sure to follow along for more data science content. Bye!